Password_exposed

Check if your current password is breached till date in any data breaches all over the world !!
Introduction: Pawned Passwords are real world passwords previously exposed in data breaches. According to www.haveibeenpwned.com total 613,584,246 have been exposed till date (2 March 2021). This exposure makes them unsuitable for ongoing use as they're at much greater risk of being used to take over other accounts. They're searchable online below as well as being downloadable for use in other online systems.
Problem statement: There are so many websites available where you can check if your password has come up in any of the data breaches yet(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_breach) but that again is putting your password at risk by exposing it to the website where you are checking. In my code I have used a reference website - www.haveibeenpwned.com. You are free to go and check your password breaches, again if you want it to be exposed again.
Solution: In our program we are using an API from www.haveibeenpwned.com to write the code where you can check if your password has ever been breached by any data breaches happened worldwide till date.
Issues: First issue is that if we are calling an API and using the password pawning, the data will get stored on the website so what you can do is save your password in a *.txt file and then use it to check the possible breach. Secondly, what if there are new breaches and our code cannot detect those, solution for that problem is that the API which we are using is enabling the code to run the pawning on all the breaches till date. API is maintained by the community which update the information of all the latest breaches everyday.
Result: You can check any password you can think of, whether its your current password, old password or a random one which you are planning to use in future. It can take any type of passwords(no restriction of numbers, symbols or characters).